docs/beta-testing.mdx, before:

---
id: devnet-beta-testing
title: Beta Testing
sidebar_label: Beta Testing
slug: /devnet-testing/beta-testing
---

PsyOptions is an American style options protocol built on the Solana blockchain. The principles that have guided the architecture and development of the core protocol are flexibility and composability. It is completely trustless. The core protocol makes no assumptions on how the options should be traded or priced. Options are represented as SPL Tokens, which means they can be traded on any DEX that supports SPL Tokens.

V1 will support 100% collateralized, asset settled, covered calls and secured puts.

## Trading Options

### Writing Options

To write an option, select the "Markets" at the top left bar and select the **MARKET Order Type** if there is already a desired order to be filled in the order book.

If the market for a desired strike price has not been initialized by anyone yet, one will have to first initialize the market. Follow the instructions below.

After initializing, there will be an option to place a buy/sell order at limit prices.

![PsyOrderbook](/img/beta-testing/PsyOrderbook.png)

### Locked Collateral

One must provide collateral equal to the amount specified by the option market.

For instance, for a SOL/USDC option with underlying asset size of 100, 100 SOL would be locked in order to mint the option token. The option writer will then receive two SPL Tokens. One represents the option, which the user may sell to generate yield, while the other represents the written contract (the claim on the underlying asset) and can be exchanged for the underlying asset post expiration.

## Checking Open Positions

Click on the "Open Positions" option at the top left bar to view all current positions in the options market.

![PsyOpenPositions](/img/beta-testing/PsyOpenPositions.png)

### Exercising

If the option has not expired, clicking the `Exercise` button will prompt a transaction to exercise the option.

The owning wallet must have enough of the quote asset (`contract size * strike price`) to successfully exercise.

## Initializing Markets

To create fungible option SPL Tokens for trading in the options markets, one will have to initializing a market by supplying the following values: 1) Underlying Asset; 2) Quote Asset; 3) Contract Size; 4) Strike Price and; 5) Expiration.

### How to Initialize a Market:

1. Click on Initialize

![tempsnip_1](/img/beta-testing/tempsnip_1.png)

2. Select the following parameters: Expiration Date (as per expiration of option), Underlying Asset (to be traded in the option), Quote Asset (to be supplied in the trade), Contract Size (size of option), Base Price (strike price of option)

![tempsnip_2](/img/beta-testing/tempsnip_2.png)

3. Select "Multi Strikes" if you wish to list multiple contracts at designated strike price intervals

![tempsnip_3](/img/beta-testing/tempsnip_3.png)

4. Click "Initialize Market"

Commit message:

Fix/improve docs (#12)
* improve beta testing page and add option type architecture  thoughts

* add what to test page

* update arch design title

* improve docs a bit

* improve docs a bit more

Co-authored-by: Tommy Johnson <tommyjohnson1028@gmail.com>

docs/beta-testing.mdx, after:

---
id: devnet-beta-testing
title: Beta Testing
sidebar_label: Beta Testing
slug: /devnet-testing/beta-testing
---

PsyOptions is a vanilla options protocol built on the Solana blockchain.
The principles that have guided the architecture and development of the core protocol are flexibility and composability.
It is completely trustless. The core protocol makes no assumptions on how the options should be traded or priced.
Options are represented as SPL Tokens, which means they can be traded on any DEX that supports SPL Tokens.

V1 will support 100% collateralized, asset settled, covered calls and secured puts.

## Trading Options

To buy or sell an option, select `Markets` in the navbar. You may adjust the expiration date and the underlying asset.
The team recommends using the May 28, 2021 BTC/USDC option markets.

After selecting the parameters, the page will populate with data from Serum if there is an orderbook for the indivual market.
Note that each row represents a different option market and thus a different Serum market.

![PsyOrderbook](/img/beta-testing/PsyOrderbook.png)

### Buy to open

Buying an option (call/put) requires no collateral. It is simply a transaction on Serum's orderbook to purchase an option from the open market.

### Sell to open

Selling an option is a bit more complex as an option may need to be minted. If the connected wallet does not have enough options to sell,
then options will be written prior to selling.

When options are written, the wallet will have it's underlying asset deducted as it's sent
to the program to mint the options. The amount deducted is the contract `size`, which may differ based
on the selected parameters.

### Order types

Both market and limit orders are supported.

## Checking Open Positions

Click on the "Open Positions" option at the top left bar to view all current positions in the options market.

![PsyOpenPositions](/img/beta-testing/PsyOpenPositions.png)

### Exercising

If the option has not expired, clicking the `Exercise` button will prompt a transaction to exercise the option.

The owning wallet must have enough of the quote asset (`contract size * strike price`) to successfully exercise.

## Initializing Markets

To create fungible option SPL Tokens for trading in the options markets, one will have to initializing a market by
supplying the following values:

- Underlying asset
- Quote asset
- Contract size
- Strike price
- Expiration

### How to Initialize a Market:

1. Click on Initialize

![tempsnip_1](/img/beta-testing/tempsnip_1.png)

2. Select the following parameters: Expiration Date (as per expiration of option), Underlying Asset (to be traded in the option), Quote Asset (to be supplied in the trade), Contract Size (size of option), Base Price (strike price of option)

![tempsnip_2](/img/beta-testing/tempsnip_2.png)

3. Select "Multi Strikes" if you wish to list multiple contracts at designated strike price intervals

![tempsnip_3](/img/beta-testing/tempsnip_3.png)

4. Click "Initialize Market"
