docs/design-fonts-styles.md, before:

---
id: design-fonts-styles
title: Fonts and Styles
sidebar_label: Fonts and Styles
slug: /fonts-and-styles
---

The PsyOptions community has proven to be passionate in displaying their design skills by creating PsyOptions themed designs, and to help cater to this process we have decided to fill this design page with all the necessary items needed to take these community designs to the next level. Below you will find SVG files of our different logos, and the multiple fonts we use throughout the product.

#### PsyOptions Logo
We have a few different logo variations that can be used in your design process. The primary one which you all know and love, and a secondary one that appears on the front page of our website.

![PsyOps](/img/PsyOps.svg) ![Secondary](/img/Secondary.svg)

#### PsyOptions Fonts
For our headers, we use the Goldman font in all caps. We also use this font for our logo with the proper capitalization being “PsyOptions”. 

![goldman](/img/designers/goldman.png)

For everything outside of our headers, we use the Manrope font with a font weight of 500. This font could also be used for headers with the font weight being 700 or 800, however, this font should not be used for the logo text. 

![manrope](/img/designers/manrope.png)

Commit message:

Added hexadecimal color codes to the designers page. Made edits to existing glossary definitions. Added new terms. (#32)
* Added hexadecimal color codes to the designers page

* Made edits to existing glossary terms. Added ATM,OTM,ITM, option greeks, and option strategy definitions.

* Fixed the color code png to show the correct color codes for PsyOptions.

Co-authored-by: stockmart <stockmart@github.com>

docs/design-fonts-styles.md, after:

---
id: design-fonts-styles
title: Fonts and Styles
sidebar_label: Fonts and Styles
slug: /fonts-and-styles
---

The PsyOptions community has proven to be passionate in displaying their design skills by creating PsyOptions themed designs, and to help cater to this process we have decided to fill this design page with all the necessary items needed to take these community designs to the next level. Below you will find SVG files of our different logos, and the multiple fonts we use throughout the product.

#### PsyOptions Logo
We have a few different logo variations that can be used in your design process. The primary one which you all know and love, and a secondary one that appears on the front page of our website.

![PsyOps](/img/PsyOps.svg) ![Secondary](/img/Secondary.svg)

#### PsyOptions Colors
The following hexadecimal color codes are the official PsyOptions colors.
![colors](/img/designers/PsyOptionsColors.png)

#### PsyOptions Fonts
For our headers, we use the Goldman font in all caps. We also use this font for our logo with the proper capitalization being “PsyOptions”. 

![goldman](/img/designers/goldman.png)

For everything outside of our headers, we use the Manrope font with a font weight of 500. This font could also be used for headers with the font weight being 700 or 800, however, this font should not be used for the logo text. 

![manrope](/img/designers/manrope.png)
