docs/governance.md, before:

---
id: governance
title: Governance
sidebar_label: Governance
slug: /psy-token/governance
---

PSY is purely a governance token. Collectively, holders of PSY have the power to upgrade the protocol as they see fit, only constrained by the checks-and-balances of the DAO. This allows PSY holders to create incentives to reward participation and drive usage of the protocol.

The COMP governance model is considered the gold-standard by many in the industry, and we followed it to build out the PSY governance model. Anybody with 0.1% of the PSY token delegated to their address can propose a governance action; these are simple or complex sets of actions, such as adding support for a new asset, changing an asset’s collateral factor, changing a market’s interest rate model, or changing any other parameter or variable of the protocol that the current administrator can modify.

Proposals are executable code, not suggestions for a team or foundation to implement. They are not limited to the governance protocol itself, but extend to all protocols created by the PsyOptionsDAO including the American v1 and European v1 protocols contributed by the creators at launch.

All proposals are subject to a 3 day voting period, and any address with voting power can vote for or against the proposal. If a majority, and at least 400,000 votes are cast for the proposal, it is queued in the Timelock, and can be implemented after 2 days.

PsyOptions aims to foster an engaging and collaboritive community, join our 
[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/MgDdJKgZJc) or [Telegram](https://t.me/psyoptions) 
to get involved in the conversations! Note: The core contributors are most active in Discord.

Commit message:

Adjusted governance requirement and added a note regarding the state of Solana gov infrastructure.

docs/governance.md, after:

---
id: governance
title: Governance
sidebar_label: Governance
slug: /psy-token/governance
---

PSY is purely a governance token. Collectively, holders of PSY have the power to upgrade the protocol as they see fit, only constrained by the checks-and-balances of the DAO. This allows PSY holders to create incentives to reward participation and drive usage of the protocol.

The COMP governance model is considered the gold-standard by many in the industry, and we followed it to build out the PSY governance model. Anybody with 0.1% of the PSY token delegated to their address can propose a governance action; these are simple or complex sets of actions, such as adding support for a new asset, changing an asset’s collateral factor, changing a market’s interest rate model, or changing any other parameter or variable of the protocol that the current administrator can modify.

Proposals are executable code, not suggestions for a team or foundation to implement. They are not limited to the governance protocol itself, but extend to all protocols created by the PsyOptionsDAO including the American v1 and European v1 protocols contributed by the creators at launch.

All proposals are subject to a 3 day voting period, and any address with PSY staked can vote for or against the proposal. If a majority, and at least 2% of the PSY token supply are cast for the proposal, it is queued in the Timelock, and can be implemented after 2 days.

<b>NOTE: Governance infrastructure is being actively developed on Solana at this time. With only 4.2% of the PSY token supply in circulation post-IEO, the requirement for at least 2% of the PSY token supply being cast for a proposal is not feasible, and is subject to change. However, when the proper infrastructure that allows vested tokens to participate in governance is developed, we will move forward with the 2% requirement.</b>

PsyOptions aims to foster an engaging and collaboritive community, join our 
[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/MgDdJKgZJc) or [Telegram](https://t.me/psyoptions) 
to get involved in the conversations! Note: The core contributors are most active in Discord.
